The young master has broken through the peak of level 5
No one in the world can match
Family, you can also feel at ease
Young Master, let the family be buried in peace
Yo, is it quite lively to cry?
Hey.
It was Chen Lame who died here, right?
You try it, I'm Mrs. Chen
On behalf of the Chen family
Offer incense to Lame Chen
Hahaha
They've given my dad the honor of being great for decades
Died now
This is how you pay homage to the head of the family
Of course he is the head of the family alive
Dead is a pile of rotten meat, I tell you
Ma Liu hands over the basic rights
What grade?
Rob the owner with me
Do you match
This position is fixed.
The turtle from the countryside also wants to be my Chen family
Do you want me to pee and take a picture for you?
If not, I'll break your leg
Let you ride like your dead father
Hahahahaha
I don't want to disturb my father.
Get out of here before it's too late
If I don't let Chen Que be in peace
I will demolish your broken mourning hall now
What can you do to me?
Hahahaha